groovy squeak squad walkthrough part 11
part yeah part 12 there you world for I
promise you I will not die again during
a boss and for that thing under there
you have to get like a sword or
something and it will sit on fire and
you can get up to it so and that thing
is I do not know how to get up there
either so once again keep walking
through here and if you're lucky I could
keep your fire your little wind or one
thing keep it because it is a really
useful Wow sometimes you're going to
lose it
Oh
oh no I'm doing such a bad job today Oh
these guys like a boss turret today
you're what right you can suck that in
Oh
oh this guy's being a butthole there we
go dang forgot about that yeah there you
can suck them up when they're big and
come then that's cool okay I'm so sorry
about that try and do better than me
please just please try and do better and
now that you did better than me and are
coming through here I'm going to find
one of these guys bunch of these guys
and just tear them apart ok hit this
bomb over here not hold on there less
your rock and it keep destroying these
guys with their new power
oh I want that oh I know i suck at this
game but this is still probably the
easiest kirby game i have ever played
start ouch of course okay so that big
thing is actually behind it so be sure
to get that you can also be sure to set
him on fire for me
oh yes Wow such a time into haha then as
soon as you be done walkthrough at that
time you do not have to kill all the
enemies and if they could need that one
up sadly enough I think I do dattt start
on my craft scene but over ok now for
how much time that took because i was
getting beat up by a dog I'm not gonna
have enough time to do this next one so
see you next did